adding a note about when to use long vs short options (#1409)
swcarpentry/shell-novice: episodes/02-filedir.md

`ls` is the **command**, with an **option** `-F` and an
**argument** `/`.
We've already encountered options  which

> either start with a single dash (`-`), known as **short options**, or two dashes (`--`), known as **long options**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either start with a single dash (`-`), known as **short options**,
or two dashes (`--`), known as **long options**.
```

Network/              Volumes/
```

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  callout
### When to use short or long options
When options exist as both short and long options:

> - Use the short option when typing commands directly into bash to minimise typing.
>   This enables you to get your task done faster.
> - Use the long option in scripts to provide clarity.
>   It will be read many times and typed ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the short option when typing commands directly into
the shell to minimize keystrokes and get your task done faster.
- Use the long option in scripts to provide clarity.
  It will be read many times and typed once.
```

Network/              Volumes/
```

> :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  callout
> ### When to use short or long options
> Sometimes options exist as both short and long options.
> In this case there are no rules about which to choose, but there is a good
> practice rule-of-thumb:
> 
> - Use the short option when typing commands directly into bash. 
>   This helps to minimise typing and enable you to get your task done faster.
> - Use the long option when using commands in a bash script.
>   Long options are preferred in this situation because you will probably end up
>   writing the command only once but you, or other people, may need to read it many times! 
>   The long option is a better choice in this situation because it provides
>   greater clarity about the option being used.
>   
> ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
> 

Reviewer: This is nice, but quite long in a time constrained lesson. What about:

```suggestion
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  callout
### When to use short or long options
When options exist as both short and long options:

- Use the short option when typing commands directly into bash 
  to minimize typing. Enable you to get your task done faster.
- Use the long option in scripts to provide clarity. It will be read
  many times and typed once.
  
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

```
Feel free to modify

Author: I'm happy with that. I reworded very slightly. You wouldn't be the first person to imply (or even outright say) that I'm a bit verbose!

Reviewer: Many thanks. Made a few more changes. Hope ok. Feel free to make a new pull request if further changes needed.

Network/              Volumes/
```

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  callout
### When to use short or long options
When options exist as both short and long options:

> - Use the short option when typing commands directly into
> the shell to minimize keystrokes and get your task done faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the short option when typing commands directly into the
   shell to minimize keystrokes and get your task done faster.
```
